Biosketch
=========

My background with computers goes back a long way. My dad is a
programmer, and has been working in the industry for nearly 30
years. So I have been surrounded by computers for as long as I have
been alive. 

I have been writing software since I was in 4th grade. I started out
with BASIC, as so many people do. From there, I dabbled in Visual
Basic and Delphi. When I got to college, I really started to take
programming seriously and started doing lots of outside reading and
learning.

During the latter half of 2010 I was employed by Philips Medical
Systems in Highland Heights, OH as a software co-op engineer. There I
worked on the new generation of Positron Emission Tomography (PET)
scanners. I worked in the Acquisition Software team where we used
embedded Linux, and I wrote unit tests and updated Linux drivers for
our hardware for new kernel versions, among other things.

This past summer, I worked for Amazon.com, in the Whispernet team. We
owned all of the backend services for the Whispernet service, which
is what Kindle devices connect to get content, sync with Whispersync,
etc. A good overview of what Whispernet does is available
[here](http://wiki.mobileread.com/wiki/Whispernet). Here I wrote
software to process the Call Data Records that Amazon receives from the
cell phone carriers on a daily basis. These allow Amazon to track
costs of the Whispernet service on a daily basis, automatically. 

From January to August, I will be returning to Amazon to work on a
second coop there.
